Welcome to Workbook 2.2.
I've already gone ahead and launched the Starter Project so we can just go ahead and jump right into
Task One, which is to create a pod of Class four show objects, and the class will have three fields
title episode and rating.
So we'll go over here.
And we'll add a class that's meant to create plain old Java show objects.
The title episode and rating are the following.
I will create.
A constructor using all fields.
I will create getters as well as setters.
Now before returning The View, it's telling us to add the following objects to the model.
So I'll go back to workbook controller Java.
Every handler method has direct access to the model like so, and I wonder why the autocomplete didn't
work.
Let me just try this again.
There we are.
Okay.
Now we can just say model dot add attributes.
We'll copy this five times as well.
The first attribute name will be first.
The second one will be.
Well, you guessed it second.
We'll just repeat this process.
And now each key needs to map to a value, and that value is simply going to be a plain old Java object.
Seemed to have a mistake.
No, we're good.
Now add Star Wars.
The Clone Wars.
So now instead of hard coding the data inside of the HTML, we're passing it from our back end and populating
the HTML file accordingly using leaf.
Okay.
That's all for task number two.
Number three is to remove the hard coded data inside of shows that HTML and use a variable expressions
instead to populate the view with data from the model.
So what we can do.
Is here to replace the hard coded data with the result of a live expression.
So timely text is going to equal a variable expression and a variable expression is able to grab a model
attribute as well as a value that derives from it.
So here we're going to grab the first object and we will display its title.
Copying this.
Here we can grab.
Okay.
Then it's just episode and rating.
And now what I'm going to do, actually, is just copy this everywhere.
This will say second title.
This will say third title.
And we'll just continue the process.
So at every single turn we're using a variable expression to grab the model object.
And from this model object, we're able to extract its field.
And then we're using thin leaf text to display the textual result of this style leaf expression.
All right.
And task force tells us that variable expressions can get a little verbose.
We must remove them, bind each row to a model object, and then underlying elements in that row can
select a field from the previously bound object.
So.
What we can do is use the leaf attribute object to bind each row to a particular object.
We're going to bind this row to the first object.
We're going to bind the next row to the second object.
Bind the third row to the third object.
Here, the fourth.
Did I spell this right?
Fourth.
Yeah, I did.
I don't know why I doubted myself there.
Finally if object fifth.
Now.
And now each underlying element in this row can select a field and the previously bound object using
a selection expression.
So here we can see episode and rating, and now we can just copy and paste this as many times as we
want without making any changes, because every single time it's just going to select a field in whatever
object is bound to that row.
Okay.
Now, before we do anything else, let me just run the code to make sure I didn't make any silly mistakes.
You can never be too confident when you're coding.
Should always run every time you make a lot of changes.
Beautiful.
Everything looks the same.
Now Task force is to remove the model parameter inside your handler method.
And I really like this because when I first started using Spring Boot, I was not defining the model
as such.
If you think about it, the model is just a bunch of key value pairs.
And so back then we had to use a hash map to store our key value pairs before passing them into our
leaf template.
So we're going to do just that.
We're going to create a hash map that can store key value pairs of string and show.
So here we'll create a hash map, import the appropriate classes.
Okay.
Call it model.
We don't need to do this anymore.
And now instead of model ad attribute, you can just say model output.
Okay.
Beautiful.
We just defined a model that contains key value pairs of data.
And it also says that back then the model and view return type was used instead of string.
So usually what would happen when you return?
The string is just as it's about to return the leaf template.
The model data is sent over and time.
Leaf uses it to populate your template, but in this case we can just return the model and view all
at the same time.
So we can say public model and view and we will return.
Oh, I already wrote return.
We'll return a new model in view.
The view name is going to be the form and the not form shows.
And the show's theme leaf template is going to be populated with data from the following model.
OC.
And I think that's about it.
And beautiful.
We don't see any change, which means we did it successfully.
As we're about to return, the show's view finally populates it with data from the model.
All right.
And why did we do this?
You might ask.
And this says it all.
It's good to be versatile.
You never know when you'll encounter a piece of code that uses model and view.
You never know what code base you'll be working on.
So it's good to know as many things as possible, in my opinion.
But personally speaking, if I am writing code, I prefer the newer approach, which is just to return
a string and access the model directly from the handler methods, list of parameters, and then adding
the attributes as follows.
And here I can just say return shows.
I prefer this method a lot more than the other one.